it's time to stop hurting
hands your knees and say hello the
harry caine 360 ​​spin finally move a
complete floor cleaning system
that cleans all kinds of real dirt
a system that practically cleans
all through its incredible system of
spin technology so
you will be using a clean mop that
will leave your floors glowing now
you can have the power of the vicky hall
360 spin map so your floor will look
perfectly clean every time you use the
mop and best of all is that your
hands will never have to touch the
dirty and disgusting water the hurricane 360
This is not the only mop that has
a 360 degree rotating system for
clean and polish the floor works
perfectly to clean the area
the eyes without scratching around
the furniture and under them without having
that crouch that absorbs spills in a
only movement and best of all not
drips or leave residue like other
mops collects dust ground hair
of your pet without the need to sweep
reducing your cleaning time to the
half and the magic so far starts
when it is already dirty alone
in the wash bucket and the particles
of microfibers will rotate releasing the dirt
inside the bucket then take out the
clean mop and put it in the area
of drying where is the system of
spin then press the pedal and
practically all the liquid will come out of
him being like that a mop
perfectly clean and dry leaves the
stains bright and makes the tile
re- shine for the areas in
marble and if you have laminate flooring anything
clean and shines better than the vicky hall
360 spin-off for being so light and less
of two pounds of weight you can go up and
come down with the bucket comes with a
slot to empty it so you 'll never have
have to touch dirty and disgusting water the
bucket is so resistant that it supports the
weight of michaels solivan because
your hands will never have to touch the
Water
you can use very hot water and
any cleaning product and still
has the power to remove streaks
Floor marker each head can be
removed and washed in the washing machine for more
of 300 times you will no longer have to spend
Hundreds of pesos in the bathrooms
Disposable for mop because the
heads are completely washable
call or click right now and get the
system hurricane 360 ​​spinvox you will
takes super lightweight handle one
super washable washable head that
clean again and again and again and for
supposed to take the revolutionary
rotating bucket with force system
of centrifugation